If this product was in petite, i would get the petite. the regular is a little long on me but a tailor can do a simple fix on that. 

fits nicely! i'm 5'4, 130lb and pregnant so i bough t medium to grow into. 

the tie can be front or back so provides for some nice flexibility on form fitting.
I'm upset because for the price of the dress, i thought it was embroidered! no, that is a print on the fabric. i think i cried a little when i opened the box. it is still ver pretty. i would say it is true to size, it is a tad bit big on me, but i am very tiny, but i can still get away with it. the color is vibrant. the style is unique. skirt portion is pretty poofy. i keep going back and forth on it mainly because of the price, although the quality is definitely there. except i wish it were emb
First of all, this is not pullover styling. there is a side zipper. i wouldn't have purchased it if i knew there was a side zipper because i have a large bust and side zippers are next to impossible for me.

second of all, the tulle feels and looks cheap and the slip has an awkward tight shape underneath.

not at all what is looks like or is described as. sadly will be returning, but i'm sure i will find something to exchange it for!
Cute little dress fits tts. it is a little high waisted. good length for my 5'9 height. i like the dress, i'm just not in love with it. i dont think it looks or feels cheap. it appears just as pictured.
I love this shirt because when i first saw it, i wasn't sure if it was a shirt or dress. since it is see-through if you wear it like a dress you will need a slip or wear it with leggings. i bought a slip, wore the tie in the back, and rocked it with white wedges. you could also wear it as a vest. be careful with the buttons. i haven't had any fall off yet, but i feel like they will. overall it's great for any occasion and it's fun to wear!
Loved the material, but i didnt really look at how long the dress was before i purchased both a large and a medium. im 5'5" and there was atleast 5" of material at my feet. the gaps in the front are much wider than they look. felt like the dress just fell flat. both were returned. im usually a large and the med fit better. 36d 30 in jeans
I have been waiting for this sweater coat to ship for weeks and i was so excited for it to arrive. this coat is not true to size and made me look short and squat. the sleeves are very wide (although long). as a light weight fall coat the sleeves don't need to be as wide because you wouldn't be layerng too much underneath. the buttons need to be moved at least three inches in for a nicer fit. i thought about redoing the buttons myself but the sleeves looked even more out of proportion with a tigh
The colors weren't what i expected either. the dark blue is much more vibrant and i just couldn't find anything to really go with it. fabric is thick and good quality. has nice weight and movement to it. the skirt just wasn't for me, in the end.
I have several of goodhyouman shirts and i get so many compliments on them. especially the one that says forehead kisses are underrated. don't hesitate. buy this shirt. you won't be sorry.....
This sweater is so comfy and classic - it balances a quirky hand-knit look with a beautiful color and practical fit. it is a bit cropped and boxy as part of the style, and as others mentioned, there are gaps in the knit that make it see-through. in my opinion this makes it perfect for layering! i like having a longer camisole showing underneath, or wearing it over a little dress. it's warm but still thin enough to fit under a jacket or coat.
Beautifully made pants and on trend with the flared crop. so much cuter in person. love these!
I never would have given these pants a second look online, in person they are much cuter! the stripes are brighter and the fit more flattering. the crop has a cute flare which is right on trend. this brand has always run small for me, i am 5'8 about 140lbs and carry some chubbiness in the belly. i paired it with a collarless loose navy blazer
These pants are even better in person. the only downside is that they need to be dry cleaned.
I ordered this 3 months ago, and it finally came off back order. a huge disappointment. the fit wasn&#39;t so much the issue for me. the quality of the wool is subpar. someone else mentioned a &quot;felted wool&quot;...i guess, is that what you call it?  it does literally feel like felt! super thin, itchy, doesn&#39;t drape very well, and feels cheap (made in china). i got it on sale, but still not worth what i paid. definitely going back.
This is such a neat dress. the color is great and the fabric is super soft. i am tall so the long length was an added bonus. it definitely needs something underneath since the front gaps. i am going to pair it with a funky tank top, necklaces and boots. super cute!!
Wouldn't have given them a second look but tried them on in store of a whim. love, love!!
This is a comfortable skirt that can span seasons easily. while not the most exciting design, it is a good work skirt that can be paired with many tops.
Just ordered this in a small for me (5'6", 135, size 4) and medium for my mom (5'3", 130, size 8) and it is gorgeous - beautifully draped, all the weight/warmth i'll need for houston fall and winter, looks polished snapped or unsnapped. age-appropriate for both my mom (60's) and myself (30's). will look amazing with skinny jeans or leggings. we ordered the gray which is true to the photos.
Super cute and comfy pull over. sizing is accurate. material has a little bit of stretch.
Great casual top with flare. looks cute with grey pilcro stet jeans. flattering with peplum in back. nice cut for shoulders and neckline.
